Started restart workarounds docs (#100)
Juniper/contrail-windows-docs: doc/Known_issues/Service_restart_workarounds.md

> Windows Server 2016 with Docker 18.09 has several issues with associating HNS networks and Docker networks.

Author: ```suggestion
Windows Server 2016 with Docker 18.09 has an issue with associating HNS networks and Docker networks.
```

> - Restarting Docker service causes Docker networks to lose   their association to corresponding HNS networks, if they   were created using custom network plugins.

Author: ```suggestion
Restarting Docker service causes Docker networks to lose their association to corresponding HNS networks, if they were created using custom network plugins.
```

 It is caused by lack of information regarding network plugin in HNS itself.
 Networks created using Contrail CNM plugin are registered in HNS with type `transparent`.

>  During a restart, Docker removes networks created with custom plugins.

Author: ```suggestion
 During a restart, Docker removes networks created with custom plugins and after that pulls networks from HNS.
 Thus, network - plugin association is lost.
```

## Problems

### Docker restart

- `docker network prune`: using this command after docker restart isn't supported.
 Because Docker fills it's network database in incorrect way,
 using this command could delete a HNS root network which could lead to e.g. BSOD.

### Compute node reboot

- container deletion: Docker doesn't allow deleting a network which has container attached to it, regardless of the container's state.
 As the networks states are invalid after reboot, both networks and containers need to be deleted.

## Workaround: contrail-autostart

### Description

contrail-autostart is a script invoked at the startup of Windows whose job is to workaround weird Docker for Windows behaviour related to rebooting.

> contrail-autostart does the following:

Author: This list is not formatted properly in mkdocs. There should be an empty line before an enumeration and nested lists should be indented with 4 spaces (or a multiply of 4 for deeply nested).

You should probably define it like this:

```
contrail-autostart does the following:

- Starts docker and contrail services:
    - Order:
        - Docker.
```

- Removes remaining networks from HNS
- Removes containers
- Starts docker and contrail services:
  - Order:
    - Docker
    - CNM Pugin
    - vRouter Agent
  - Agent has to start after CNM Plugin, because the plugin enables vRouter extension
  - Because HNS networks are deleted, the starting order of CNM Plugin/Docker doesn't matter

> ### Issues

Author: Please add an empty line after a header.

- uncleaned ports in controller:

>  Because after reboot cnm-plugin can't recognize upon deletion that some container had been connected to a contrail network,

Author: Just styling, but I would keep the sentence after the colon, in the same line.

 the delete-endpoint request isn't sent to the controller and it's polluted with outdated data.

> - manual startup: CNM Plugin's and vRouter Agent's services need to have startup type set to manual

Author: Docker service's startup type is also set to manual.

> The purpose of this document is to describe problems and workarounds for restarting Contrail components on Windows.

Author: ```suggestion
The purpose of this document is to describe problems with and workarounds for restarting Contrail components on Windows.
```

> The purpose of this document is to describe problems with workarounds for restarting Contrail components on Windows.

Reviewer: Please test this document with mkdocs, because I'm pretty sure a title needs to be added in the first line.

Reviewer 2: The title will be the name of the file with underscores replaced by whitespaces.

## Docker/HNS networks issues

> Windows Server 2016 with Docker 18.09 has an issue with associating HNS networks and Docker networks

Author: ```suggestion
Windows Server 2016 with Docker 18.09 has an issue with associating HNS networks and Docker networks.
```

Restarting Docker service causes Docker networks to lose their association to corresponding HNS networks, if they were created using custom network plugins.
It is caused by lack of information regarding network plugin in HNS itself.
Networks created using Contrail CNM plugin are registered in HNS with type `transparent`.
During a restart, Docker removes networks created with custom plugins and after that pulls networks from HNS.
Thus, network <-> plugin association is lost.

## Problems

### Docker restart

> - `docker network prune`: using this command after docker restart isn't supported.

Author: ```suggestion
- `docker network prune`: using this command after docker restart is not supported.
```

> - `docker network prune`: using this command after docker restart is not supported.

Reviewer: docker network rm* or anything like that as well to be honest.

 Because Docker fills it's network database in incorrect way,

>  using this command could delete a HNS root network which could lead to e.g. BSOD.

Author: ```suggestion
 using this command could delete a HNS root network which could lead to vRouter Agent crash, which is dependent on this network (more specifically, on VMSwitch associated with this network).
```

### Compute node reboot

- container deletion: Docker doesn't allow deleting a network which has container attached to it, regardless of the container's state.
 As the networks states are invalid after reboot, both networks and containers need to be deleted.

## Workaround: contrail-autostart

### Description

contrail-autostart is a script invoked at the startup of Windows whose job is to workaround weird Docker for Windows behaviour related to rebooting.

contrail-autostart does the following:

- Removes remaining networks from HNS
- Removes containers
- Starts docker and contrail services:
    - Order:
        - Docker
        - CNM Pugin
        - vRouter Agent
    - Agent has to start after CNM Plugin, because the plugin enables vRouter extension

>     - Because HNS networks are deleted, the starting order of CNM Plugin/Docker doesn't matter

Author: ```suggestion
    - Because HNS networks are deleted, the starting order of CNM Plugin/Docker does not matter
```

>     - Because HNS networks are deleted, the starting order of CNM Plugin/Docker does not matter

Reviewer: `Agent has to ...` and `Because HNS networks...` shouldn't be a part of bullet point list that just lists what the script does.

### Issues

> - uncleaned ports in controller: After reboot cnm-plugin can't recognize upon deletion that some container had been connected to a contrail network.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Uncleaned ports in controller**: After reboot cnm-plugin cannot recognize upon deletion that some container had been connected to a contrail network.
```

> The delete-endpoint request isn't sent to the controller and it's polluted with outdated data.

Author: ```suggestion
The delete-endpoint request is not sent to the controller and it is polluted with outdated data.
```

> - **Uncleaned ports in controller**: After reboot cnm-plugin cannot recognize upon deletion that some container had been connected to a contrail network.

Reviewer: upon deletion of what?

> - manual startup: Docker's and Contrail components' services need to have startup type set to manual

Author: ```suggestion
- **Manual startup**: Docker's and Contrail components' services need to have startup type set to manual
```
